# ❗ Warning
All the answers generated by Talk-With-Me are 100% A.I.-generated. GPT-3 can unpredictable and might give inappropriate results. Any advice you receive from Talk With Me should not be as medical advice at this moment.

# 💡 Inspiration
We saw the capabilities of GPT-3 in the news and wanted to leverage its power for a practical application of our own. We also knew that therapy can sometimes be prohibitively expensive and wanted to lower the access barrier. We also wanted everyone to have access to therapy at any time of the day in their hands. We decided to make `Talk-With-Me`...

# 🔧 How we built it
* Designed Mockups in Adobe XD
* Talk With Me was made using Flutter with the help of the following libraries:
* Used `gpt_3_dart` API for GPT-3 integration
* Used `speech_to_text` for speech-to-text
* Used `flutter_tts` for text-to-speech

# 🛑 Challenges we ran into
* Audio visualizer positioning and styling right
* Getting microphone access
* Getting GPT-3 to work
* Making multiple voices to work
* Due to possible bugs in `speech_to_text`, speech recognition on android was not possible both on an emulator and a normal device.

# ✅ Accomplishments that we're proud of
* Switching from a game to an app, since we thought an app would be a more accessible form factor
* Finding an appropriate and consistent design philosophy
* Being able to have GPT-3 give appropriate responses

# 📖 What we learned
* More APIs for flutter
* Interfacing with GPT-3
* Advanced Flutter Concepts
* Adobe XD design

# 💡 Future Improvements
* Updates to UI to improve smoothness
* Add animations to boost user experience
* Add meditation feature with generative audio
* Expand breadth of issues the therapist can handle
* Improve training set

# 🙇‍♂️ Acknowledgements
We want to thank everyone at MasseyHacks VII for giving us this opportunity, OpenAI for the amazing GPT-3 and finally, Google for developing Flutter). We would also like to Dhruv Baronia for the OpenAI GPT-3 API.
